en: tidb cluster offline installation (#521)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-ticdc.md

            }
    ]
    ```

>     If the server does not have an external network, please refer to [deploy TiDB cluster](deploy-on-general-kubernetes.md#deploy-tidb-cluster) download and upload the used Docker image on the machine with an external network and upload it to the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the server does not have an external network, refer to [deploy TiDB cluster](deploy-on-general-kubernetes.md#deploy-tidb-cluster) to download the required Docker image on the machine with an external network and upload it to the server.
```
